making with engineering design at rutgers cmsce maker campas our summer of maker camp 2022 comes to a close, the maker camp team wants to highlight some of the amazing programs hosted by campsites. today, we’re celebrating the rutgers center for mathematics, science, and computer education (cmsce) maker camps from n…as our summer of maker camp 2022 comes to a close, the maker camp team wants to highlight some of the amazing programs hosted by campsites. today, were celebrating the rutgers center for mathematics,… [+1484 chars]amid a u.s. teacher shortage, florida turns to military veterans - reutersso many florida teachers have abandoned their profession in recent years that the state is inviting military veterans with no prior teaching experience to lead classrooms while they earn education credentials.miami, sept 13 (reuters) - so many florida teachers have abandoned their profession in recent years that the state is inviting military veterans with no prior teaching experience to lead classrooms w… [+4627 chars]los angeles school district warns of disruption as it battles ongoing ransomware attackthe los angeles unified school district (lausd) has confirmed it was hit by a ransomware attack that is causing ongoing technical disruptions. from a report: lausd is the second largest school district in the u.s. after the new york city department of educati…lausd is the second largest school district in the u.s. after the new york city department of education. the lausd serves over 600,000 students spanning from kindergarten through 12th grade at over 1… [+878 chars]fact check-florida has not banned 'of mice and men' and other classics for being 'woke' - reutersflorida has not banned 25 book titles including john steinbeck’s “of mice and men” and harper lee’s “to kill a mockingbird” for being “woke,” despite the claims of some social media users.florida has not banned 25 book titles including john steinbecks of mice and men and harper lees to kill a mockingbird for being woke, despite the claims of some social media users.
the list has been… [+3311 chars]los angeles school district, second largest in us, hit by cyber-attackunified district, with over 600,000 students, suffers ‘significant infrastructure disruption’ but classes set to take place as usualhackers targeted the second-largest school district in the us with a cyber-attack over labor day weekend, officials at los ange…hackers targeted the second-largest school district in the us with a cyber-attack over labor day weekend, officials at los angeles unified school district have confirmed.
the district characterized … [+1990 chars]texas schools are required to put up posters of the national motto 'in god we trust,' but critics say the law imposes religion on childrenthe texas law mandates hanging the posters, which must have an american flag and the texas state flag under the motto, only if they are donated.a new texas law requires schools to hang posters of the national motto, "in god we trust," in every building on their campuses, as long as the posters are donated.
the bill, sb 797, was passed last … [+2352 chars]us students are becoming more diverse. so why does segregation persist?the student population in american public schools has grown significantly more diverse, but segregation remains a persistent problem, a report found.the student population in american public schools has grown significantly more diverse, but segregation remains a persistent concern, a recent federal government study found.
the government accounta… [+5929 chars]feds anticipate ransomware attacks against schoolsfederal law enforcement officials said they anticipate ransomware attacks against schools may increase as the 2022/2023 school year begins.the fbi and the cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency (cisa) said in a new warning they anticipate ransomware attacks could increase as the new school year begins.
"the fbi, cisa, and the… [+1470 chars]we just got the best snapshot yet of how much progress students lost in the pandemic. the results are staggeringduring the pandemic, american students saw some of the biggest declines in academic achievement recorded in the last 50 years.american students saw some of the biggest declines in academic achievement recorded in the last 50 years, according to a nationwide assessment that paints a stark picture of the pandemic’s effect on … [+4581 chars]lgbtq teachers struggle to navigate florida’s so-called ‘don’t say gay’ lawlgbtq educators in florida describe widespread confusion over how much they need to hide their own identities, limit discussion of lgbtq people or history, or notify parents if a student comes out to them.daffne cruz, an assistant principal in polk county, florida, says last year her district gave her lgbtq-inclusive “safe space” stickers to distribute throughout the school. this year, when cruz, who … [+10102 chars]the case for starting sex ed in kindergarten (hula hoops recommended)comprehensive, age-appropriate sex ed has all kinds of social, emotional and academic benefits, researchers say. here's what that looks like, from k through 12.a class of fifth-graders are sitting through an hour-long sex-ed lesson at louis b. russell jr. school 48 in indianapolis. some fidget, others giggle. and they have a lot of questions.
how old do yo… [+11755 chars]a missouri school district reinstated spanking if parents give their okthe policy says corporal punishment will be used only when other forms of discipline have failed and then only with the superintendent's permission. the district had dropped the practice in 2001.in this march 26, 2011 file photo, supporters of st. augustine high school, including byron bernard, class of 1980, center, with "spare the rod, spoil the child" poster, demand the right of self-gove… [+6865 chars]is there really a ‘catastrophic’ national teacher shortage?the narrative doesn’t match the numbers.sign up for derek’s newsletter here.america’s students are going back to school this month. according to many media sources, districts won’t have nearly enough teachers to greet them. the washington … [+10282 chars]effectively building a pool of ai educators for k-12the hard truth is that ai may be omnipresent, but ai educators are not.founder and ceo at fusemachines, adjunct associate professor at columbia university on a mission to democratize artificial intelligence. 
getty
whether we know it or not, we are interacting with ai… [+6352 chars]us school year opens with reading, writing, and ransomwarefbi warns that vice society threat group is ramping up attacks on the education sector
the vice society threat group is ramping up ransomware attacks on us school districts just as students around the country return to the classroom, the fbi and other federal…the vice society threat group is ramping up ransomware attacks on us school districts just as students around the country return to the classroom, the fbi and other federal agencies are warning.
the… [+5169 chars]my road to lisp (2007)commentsit's been a long time coming.
<table><tr><td>~1985</td><td>basic</td><td>grade 5, just some loops and print statements</td></tr><tr><td>~1987</td><td>logo</td><td>grade 6 or 7, turtle graphics</td><… [+4780 chars]crist to pick miami teachers union head as his running matekarla hernández-mats has been president of united teachers of dade since 2016.love it! said state sen. shev jones (d-miami) in a text. i think its a thoughtful and bright move. karla has always had her ear to the ground for people, and shes a natural galvanizer. great pick!
f… [+2543 chars]california students are struggling in math. will reforms make the problem worse?rivka galchen on the recently updated california mathematics framework (c.m.f.) and the debate over whether the changes will increase the privilege gap, negatively impact students of color, and lessen the likelihood that marginalized students will pursue coll…the california mathematics framework (c.m.f.) is an arguably obscure but extremely consequential document informing the educations of millions of children, from transitional kindergarten to twelfth g… [+10501 chars]redshirt the boyswhy boys should start school a year later than girls“it was a light-bulb moment for me,” christopher schroeder, an entrepreneur, an investor, and a father of two boys, told me. his son jack had been accepted to beauvoir, the national cathedral element… [+18845 chars]untether tech in the modern k–12 environment - edtech magazine: focus on k-12schools are prioritizing educational technology tools that are mobile and flexible, allowing teaching and learning to happen in and outside of the classroom.classroom audiovisual needs vary across grade levels
while districts are moving toward interactive displays for all classrooms, tech needs differ across age groups. in elementary schools, students a… [+2693 chars]satisfaction with us education dropping: galluponly 42 percent of americans said they are completely or somewhat satisfied with k-12 education in the united states, compared to 51 percent in 2019.americans are becoming less satisfied with the state of k-12 education, with curriculum and educational approach being cited as the top issue, according to a gallup survey released last week.
only 4… [+1583 chars]learning spaces, wellness rooms, nature trails. this is the k-12 school of the futurethe hallway-and-classroom model of school architecture is out. instead, forward-thinking schools feature flexible "learning spaces," wellness rooms, touch-free lighting and plumbing — and of course, souped-up hvac for optimum ventilation.why it matters: lots …the hallway-and-classroom model of school architecture is out. instead, forward-thinking schools feature flexible "learning spaces," wellness rooms, touch-free lighting and plumbing and of course, so… [+3748 chars]california school district asks families to help house teachers, who can't afford rentone of the most horrific milestones for any child is the moment they spot their teacher outside the classroom, forever shattering the illusion that they don’t all just live at school. unfortunately, for some unlucky kids in milpitas unified school district, t…one of the most horrific milestones for any child is the moment they spot their teacher outside the classroom, forever shattering the illusion that they dont all just live at school. unfortunately, f… [+2752 chars]education department picks partners for k-12 tech strategy refresh - statescoopfour nonprofits will lead development of the u.s. office of educational technology's next national educational technology plan.written by lindsay mckenzie sep 13, 2022 | statescoopthe u.s. department of education has selected four nonprofit organizations to lead the development of its next national educational technology pla… [+1864 chars]17 education & technology group inc. (yq) q2 2022 earnings call transcriptyq earnings call for the period ending june 30, 2022.image source: the motley fool.
17 education &amp; technology group inc. (yq 1.24%)q2 2022 earnings callsep 13, 2022, 9:00 p.m. et
contents:
<ul><li>prepared remarks</li><li>questions and answers</… [+17486 chars]how companies can be proactive — not reactive — on social issuescompanies are increasingly feeling pressure to respond to social movements on inequality, but far too many tend to respond reactively — making a donation or social media statement — instead of taking proactive measures to build equity and inclusion in their o…four steps to operationalize your values.
"&gt;
a political development from a major institution shakes society. a social controversy takes over the news cycle. a major tragedy, violence, or disast… [+9664 chars]reading the nation’s report cardsthe story of u.s. education policy, seen through the lens of the nation’s report cards.i recall each time a report card came home when i was a kid. i was worried it wouldnt be as good as my parents would hope. and even though authority figures told me the report card was there to help … [+9839 chars]fbi k-12 ransomware warning as lausd is hitsecond-largest us school district compromised over the weekendthe fbi has warned of a possible surge in ransomware attacks targeting schools in the us, as the country’s second largest school district succumbed to compromise over the holiday weekend.
the los an… [+2293 chars]states wrangle with how to secure schools as students returnfederal data shows that gun attacks on campuses reached their highest level in 20 years during the 2020-21 academic term.the bipartisan safer communities act promises to send schools billions of dollars to hire mental health care workers and spot troubled students and build more of the fortifications deployed after att… [+10065 chars]intellinetics announces the creation of a new k-12 divisionorganizational enhancements to drive growth as a k-12 digital transformation market leader columbus, ohio, aug. 18, 2022 (globe newswire) -- intellinetics...organizational enhancementsto drive growth as a k-12 digital transformation marketleader
columbus, ohio, aug. 18, 2022 (globe newswire) -- intellinetics, inc. (otcqb: inlx), a provider of solutions … [+5692 chars]watch jeff bezos' blue origin launch science mission on wednesdayblue origin plans to launch its next space mission on wednesday morning (aug. 31), and you can watch the uncrewed action live.blue origin plans to launch its next space mission on wednesday morning (aug. 31), and you can watch the uncrewed action live.
blue origin's new shepard
 suborbital vehicle is scheduled to lift off… [+2004 chars]opinion: republicans record their biggest failure yet in funding education adequatelystate senator from ames: in today’s dollars, gop education budgets for k-12 have fallen over $1 billion short of inflation over six school years.as the ranking member of the senate education committee, i have tracked republicans failure to fund education ever since they took over state government in 2017. their awful record of shortchanging o… [+2129 chars]xanedu announces the formation of scholarus learning and acquisition of plc associatesxanedu, inc., a provider of educational content and curriculum services for k-12 and higher education, announces the formation of scholarus learning, a...livonia, mich., sept. 6, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- xanedu, inc., a provider of educational content and curriculum services for k-12 and higher education, announces the formation of scholarus learning, a p… [+6464 chars]global k-12 education market projected to gain usd 94.7 billion by 2030, with a huge cagr of 31.6% | growth market reportsaccording to a recent market study published by growth market reports, titled, "global k-12 education market" by types (public, private, and online), by...pune, india, sept. 14, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- according to a recent market study published by growth market reports, titled, "global k-12 education market" by types (public, private, and online), by ap… [+6565 chars]closing the tech gap in nyc starts with expanding k-12 computing education - new york nonprofit mediawith a boom in tech jobs during the coronavirus pandemic, preparing new yorkers from underrepresented communities for these positions should be a top priority for the city.the pandemic has changed so much about life in new york city from the rise of remote work and the embrace of open spaces to the uneven economic recovery and the lasting challenges facing small busine… [+5478 chars]edtech market to record a cagr of 17.79%, learners shifting toward e-books to boost market growth - technaviothe "edtech market by geography (north america, europe, apac, south america, and middle east and africa) and sector (k-12, higher education, and others...new york, aug. 31, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- the "edtech market by geography (north america, europe, apac, south america, and middle east and africa) and sector (k-12, higher education, and others) - fore… [+8986 chars]frontline education announces recent awards from tech & learning and ragan hr platformsmalvern, pa, sept. 09, 2022 (globe newswire) -- frontline education, a leading provider of administration software purpose-built for educators in k-12...malvern, pa, sept. 09, 2022 (globe newswire) -- frontline education, a leading provider of administration software purpose-built for educators in k-12, announced today that it is a winner of the tech… [+6180 chars]frontline education and interviewstream form official partnership to strengthen k-12 recruiting and hiring strategiesjoint technology offering addresses labor shortage by helping to accelerate placement ratesmalvern, pa. and chicago, ill., sept. 14, 2022 (globe newswire) --...joint technology offering addresses labor shortage by helping to accelerate placement rates
malvern, pa. and chicago, ill., sept. 14, 2022 (globe newswire) -- frontline education, a leading provider… [+5854 chars]poll: most americans are dissatisfied with k-12 educationmost americans are unhappy with the current k-12 education system, according to a thursday poll.most americans are unhappy with the current k-12 education system, according to a poll released thursday.
about one in four americans reported being “completely dissatisfied” with education in ameri… [+2049 chars]k-12 implosion update: desantis signs new law amid teacher shortage, education colleges’ woke initi…k-12 implosion update: desantis signs new law amid teacher shortage, education colleges’ woke initiatives.as an amazon associate,i earn from qualifying purchases.it’s difficult to believe in public education when public educators no longer do: new poll: parents …it’s difficult to believe in public education when public educators no longer do: new poll: parents are increasingly dissatisfied with k-12 education.as an amazon associate,i earn from qualifying purchases.conservative nonprofit plans to spend millions bashing ‘woke’ left in midtermsthe group has billboards up and is starting a tv campaign focused on transgender women in sports.unfortunately, this competition was over before it even began, the ads narrator says, calling out biden and his radical allies. the ad continues: woke left-wing politicians are destroying girls sport… [+2302 chars]anti-defamation league to review its k-12 materials after critical race theory foundthe anti-defamation league (adl) will review its education materials provided in bias training for k-12 education after evidence of critical race theory and other radical left-wing ideologies, such as "intersectionality," was found.the anti-defamation league (adl) will review its education materials provided in bias training for k-12 education after evidence of critical race theory and other radical left-wing ideologies, such a… [+3589 chars]are all brains good at math?math provokes dread in so many people—yet we are all born with a sense for numbers.ken ono gets excited when he talks about a particular formula for pi, the famous and enigmatic ratio of a circles circumference to its diameter. he shows me a clip from a national geographic show whe… [+20249 chars]personal finance and investing glossary: terms to know that can help you manage money and reach financial goalsdefinitions focused on money management, saving, investing, retirement planning, loans, and other topics to improve your financial literacy.when it comes to managing your money and planning to reach long-term financial goals, understanding the language is key. this glossary of terms focused on money management, saving, investing, retirem… [+18091 chars]a lot more censorship is coming to a school near youillustration by elizabeth brockway/the daily beast
we’re in the midst of a legislative war on american education. at the heart of this conflict are educational gag orders—state legislative attempts to restrict teaching, training, and learning in k–12 schools…were in the midst of a legislative war on american education. at the heart of this conflict are educational gag ordersstate legislative attempts to restrict teaching, training, and learning in k12 sc… [+6406 chars]african-american history finally gets its own ap class—and historians say it’s more important than ever'nothing is more dramatic than having the college board launch an ap course in a field,' says henry louis gates jr., who helped develop the curriculumon the first day of one of the first ap african american studies classes ever taught, marlon williams-clark rattled off a list of black luminaries to see how many his students had heard of.
only one… [+8541 chars]q&a: superintendent on the power of tech partnerships in a suburban k–12 district - edtech magazine: focus on k-12val verde unified school district’s superintendent shares exciting plans, opportunities and upgrades for his students and staff this year.over the next 18 months, well make a full conversion away from projectors to big panels located in classrooms. we design our classrooms to allow teachers to walk the room and wirelessly stream from t… [+4968 chars]students used average of 143 ed tech tools in 2021-22 - k-12 divedistricts are also using an average of 1,417 different ed tech tools per month, according to a report by ed tech company learnplatform.<ul><li>over the 2021-22 school year, educators on average used 148 different ed tech tools while students accessed 143, according to a report by learnplatform, an ed tech company that helps district… [+1879 chars]high school counselors learn about arkansas tech | arkansas tech university - atu newsmore than 50 k-12 education professionals from around arkansas registered for the 2022 arkansas tech university high school counselor workshop, which took place at atu's williamson hall in russellville on friday morning. those in attendance learned the latest…more than 50 k-12 education professionals from around arkansas registered for the 2022 arkansas tech university high school counselor workshop, which took place at atu’s williamson hall in russellvil… [+2025 chars]poll: americans' trust in public education reaches 2nd all-time lowamerican satisfaction with the country's k-12 education system has reached its second all-time low, according to a gallup poll.american satisfaction with the country’s k-12 education system has reached its second all-time low, according to a gallup poll.
only 42 percent of americans say they are satisfied with the system, w… [+2294 chars]local parents, community members announce plans to open classical k-12 private school in columbus, ohioa group of parents and community members in columbus, ohio plan to open columbus classical academy (cca), a private classical school in columbus, ohio, in...headmaster, daniel gibson, taking the reins of new school effective immediately
columbus, ohio, aug. 16, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- a group of parents and community members in columbus, ohio plan to open … [+4345 chars]the lang school welcomes interim head of school, dr. sue groesbeckthe board of trustees of the lang school – a private, nonprofit k-12 school serving twice-exceptional (2e) children – recently appointed dr. sue groesbeck as...new york, aug. 15, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- the board of trustees of the lang school a private, nonprofit k-12 school serving twice-exceptional (2e) children recently appointed dr. sue groesbeck as the s… [+1985 chars]come see the antisemitism inherent in the leftism: teachers unions are helping anti-semitism gain a …come see the antisemitism inherent in the leftism: teachers unions are helping anti-semitism gain a foothold in k-12 public schools. efforts to delegitimize the jewish state are now moving from higher education to k-12 public schools. attempts to falsely labe…efforts to delegitimize the jewish state are now moving from higher education to k-12 public schools. attempts to falsely label israel an apartheid state and promote similar forms of defamation are b… [+1014 chars]in a divided country, businesses must support quality and equitable education for alleducation is too important not to rise above our divisiveness and invest in the bigger, long-term goals we all share.rose stuckey kirk is senior vice president and chief csr officer for verizon. rose stuckey kirk at aspen ideas festival 2021.
getty
at the risk of stating the obvious, america is dangerously divide… [+4205 chars]k-12 instructional materials providers adjust to lingering impacts of covidaccording to a new report by simba information, although the intensity and drastic changes in learning from covid have receded, publishers of k-12...addressing learning loss, emphasis on digital solutions among publishers' focus   
rockville, md., aug. 22, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- according to a new report by simba information, although the intensit… [+3515 chars]the global k-12 robotic toolkits market is expected to grow by $ 410.17 million during 2022-2026, accelerating at a cagr of 18.65% during the forecast periodglobal k-12 robotic toolkits market 2022-2026 the analyst has been monitoring the k-12 robotic toolkits market and it is poised to grow by $ 410. 17 million ...global k-12 robotic toolkits market 2022-2026 the analyst has been monitoring the k-12 robotic toolkits market and it is poised to grow by $ 410. 17 million during 2022-2026, accelerating at a cagr o… [+3877 chars]what hath randi weingarten wrought? parents’ satisfaction with education plummeted since start of…what hath randi weingarten wrought? parents’ satisfaction with education plummeted since start of pandemic.. both higher ed and especially k-12 ed went out of their way to demonstrate just how dispensable they are.what hath randi weingarten wrought? parents satisfaction with education plummeted since start of pandemic.. 
both higher ed and especially k-12 ed went out of their way to demonstrate just how dispe… [+15 chars]powerschool announces ‘honor roll’ award winners to celebrate education leaders making an extraordinary impact on k-12 educationfolsom, calif.--(business wire)--powerschool (nyse: pwsc), the leading provider of cloud-based software for k-12 education in north america, today announced the winners of the powerschool honor roll awards. the program celebrates and recognizes powerschool cu…folsom, calif.--(business wire)--powerschool (nyse: pwsc), the leading provider of cloud-based software for k-12 education in north america, today announced the winners of the powerschool honor roll … [+6062 chars]columbus city schools, education association reach conceptual agreement - the columbus dispatch<ol><li>columbus city schools, education association reach conceptual agreement  the columbus dispatch
</li><li>teachers in columbus, ohio strike for third day  nbc news
</li><li>day 3 of columbus teachers' strike: students join educators on picket lines  w…columbus city schools reached a conceptual agreement with columbus education association early thursday morning after more than 12 hours of negotiating with a federal mediator.
if cea members vote t… [+4954 chars]children's risk of suicide increases on school daysunlike in adults, suicide risk among children is lowest during the summer and higher during the school year. understanding these patterns can help prevent and treat suicidalityreading about death and suicidality can be distressing. please read this in a moment where you feel safest and ready to do so.
pediatricians, child psychologists and psychiatrists, social workers an… [+7644 chars]dreambox learning hit by layoffs, but promises strategy to take on ‘troubling trends’ in educationdreambox learning laid off an undisclosed number of employees this week, citing the need for a “realignment” at the seattle-area education technology company. founded in 2006, dreambox sells software to k-12 schools. the company’s technology adapts to individ…jessie woolley-wilson, ceo of dreambox learning. (dreambox learning photo)
dreambox learning laid off an undisclosed number of employees this week, citing the need for a realignment at the seattle-a… [+3121 chars]northern illinois community initiatives awards impact grants totaling $300,000micro-transit solutions, a k–12 enrichment program and disadvantaged business owners will benefit from the latest round of grant funding from northern...funding will support micro-transit strategy, educational enrichment and diverse entrepreneurs
naperville, ill., aug. 18, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- micro-transit solutions, a k12 enrichment program and di… [+4127 chars]thoma bravo enters into agreement to sell frontline education to roper technologiesthoma bravo, a leading software investment firm, today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to sell frontline education ("frontline"), a leading...san francisco and malvern, pa., aug. 30, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- thoma bravo, a leading software investment firm, today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to sell frontline education ("front… [+6715 chars]auditory brainstem response distinguishes occasional and constant tinnituscommentsclinical medicineneuroscienceotology
open access | 10.1172/jci155094
1laboratory of experimental audiology, department of physiology and pharmacology, karolinska institutet, stockholm, sweden.
2de… [+58138 chars]senate race in florida shaping up as one of most closely watched in country...senate race in florida shaping up as one of most closely watched in country...

 
 
 
 (first column, 1st story, link)

 

 

 
 related stories:rubio's libertarian challenger blasts him as 'socialist'...the u.s. senate race in florida may be shaping up as one of the most closely watched contests in the country. but a democratic primary leading into the race seems a forgettable formality.
the contes… [+3604 chars]rs recommends: blues star christone ‘kingfish’ ingram launches fender telecaster guitar collab'i immediately thought of b.b. king, gary moore, and freddy king,' the blues prodigy says about creating his new tele with the legendary instrument makerif you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, rolling stone may receive an affiliate commission.
grammy-winning blues guitarist christone “kingfish” ing… [+3093 chars]k-12 implosion update: north carolina’s new wake schools’ diversity leader presented on ‘social …k-12 implosion update: north carolina’s new wake schools’ diversity leader presented on ‘social justice’ in high school math. a presentation obtained by north state journal shows the new leader of wake county public schools’ office of equity affairs presented…a presentation obtained by north state journal shows the new leader of wake county public schools office of equity affairs presented on culturally responsive teaching and social justice in high schoo… [+1720 chars]powerschool releases education focus report highlighting top district priorities and shifts in pk-12 educationfolsom, calif.--(business wire)--powerschool (nyse: pwsc), the leading provider of cloud-based software for k-12 education in north america, has released its key findings from the education focus report for the 2022-2023 school year. the report represents the…folsom, calif.--(business wire)--powerschool (nyse: pwsc), the leading provider of cloud-based software for k-12 education in north america, has released its key findings from the education focus rep… [+3591 chars]a parent perspective: we shouldn’t underestimate our children’s understanding of social justice issuesas we begin another school year, i hope that parents — particularly white parents like me — will think of critical race theory as an honest and inclusive approach to education.by elizabeth johnsen for the opportunity agenda
just weeks into the 2020-2021 school year, my 4-year-old son came home from his progressive brooklyn preschool telling me about the black lives matter… [+7595 chars]the benefits of breakfast cereal consumptionthere have been no comprehensive reviews of the relation of breakfast cereal
consumption to nutrition and health. this systematic review of all articles on
breakfast cereals to october 2013 in the scopus and medline databases identified 232
articles with ...there have been no comprehensive reviews of the relation of breakfast cereal
consumption to nutrition and health. this systematic review of all articles on
breakfast cereals to october 2013 in the … [+195989 chars]where does your state rank in education freedom?florida ranks highest among the states in education freedom, while the district of columbia trails behind all of them, according to a new “report card”... read more
the post where does your state rank in education freedom? appeared first on the daily signal.florida ranks highest among the states in education freedom, while the district of columbia trails behind all of them, according to a new report card from the heritage foundation.  
the leading thin… [+6370 chars]sierra school of solano county moves to facility in fairfield, californianew centrally located campus offers students additional workability opportunitiesfairfield, calif., sept. 08, 2022 (globe newswire) -- specialized education ...new centrally located campus offers students additional workability opportunities
fairfield, calif., sept. 08, 2022 (globe newswire) -- specialized education services, inc. (sesi), a premier provide… [+4042 chars]here's how columbus students can get tech support during cea strike - the columbus dispatchif the columbus education association strike continues through wednesday, then the state’s largest district plans to start the school year remotely.for the first time since 1975, columbus education association union members are on strike in the columbus city schools district. the strike began monday morning, the first of two teacher preparation … [+4141 chars]where to save for college and other education expenseslet's take a look at some of the pros and cons of several common education saving options:mother and daughter putting coins into piggy bank at home. 
getty
with kids going back to school, the day when that school has a hefty price tag on it may be getting closer. many parents are wonder… [+6726 chars]us agencies warn of 'vice society' ransomware gang targeting education sectorthe fbi, cisa, and the multi-state information sharing and analysis center (ms-isac) are raising the alarm on a ransomware gang’s increased targeting of the education sector.
read morethe fbi, cisa, and the multi-state information sharing and analysis center (ms-isac) are raising the alarm on a ransomware gangs increased targeting of the education sector.
in a joint advisory this… [+3116 chars]pen works to destroy educationcontrolling education is the grand prize in today’s culture wars. why worry about elections if voters arrive at the polls fully ideologically indoctrinated? the left has recognized this reality for decades and its long march through the institu...controlling education is the grand prize in today’s culture wars. why worry about elections if voters arrive at the polls fully ideologically indoctrinated? the left has recognized this reality for d… [+7918 chars]take your back-to-school photography and kick it up a notchhere are five themes and topics to consider incorporating into your back-to-school sessions to help build a strong and dynamic licensing portfolio. 
the post take your back-to-school photography and kick it up a notch appeared first on 500px.earlier this summer, gapkids captured the imagination of parents and kids alike with their everybody belongs back-to-school campaign. inspired by the childrens book of the same name, written by the a… [+8321 chars]letter to the editor: education a key to successletter to the editor: education a key to successgov. gretchen whitmer is public educations most tireless advocate. without raising taxes, whitmer negotiated with legislators for a school aid budget with record-breaking funding for this coming year… [+1340 chars]community brands acquires bigsis, a fully integrated student management platformcommunity brands, the leading provider of cloud-based software and payment solutions for associations, nonprofits, and k-12 schools, has acquired bigsis, a...acquisition brings data and functions into an all-in-one solution for private and independent schools
st. petersburg, fla., aug. 18, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- community brands, the leading provider of cl… [+3817 chars]with heat wave this week, here's the status of ac in lbusd schools • long beach post news - long beach post<ol><li>with heat wave this week, here's the status of ac in lbusd schools • long beach post news  long beach post
</li><li>long beach students return to school amid heat wave  kabc-tv
</li><li>utah schools prepare for the heat wave  abc4.com
</li><li>extr…with temperatures in the 90s on wednesday, the first day of class for long beach unified school district students, there are still more than 20 elementary, middle and high schools with either partial… [+2015 chars]curious about knowledge-building curricula? check out this websiteeducators, parents, and others searching for hard-to-find information about what works in education now have a valuable new resource: a website loaded with well-organized articles, videos, and recommendations about curricula that do a good job of building cru…a newly revamped website offers a wealth of reliable information on curricula that build kids' ... [+] knowledge and vocabulary.
getty
educators, parents, and others searching for hard-to-find info… [+6257 chars]government lockdowns crushed two decades of k-12 learningmath and reading levels in k-12 schools from 2020 to 2022 have dropped back two decades from government lockdowns, according to a report by naep.math and reading levels in k-12 schools from 2020 to 2022 have dropped back two decades, according to the national assessment of educational progress. the government lockdowns to combat the covid-19 … [+2746 chars]region 10 esc texas co-op adopts “common language” standards for k-12 food programsrichardson, texas--(business wire)--texas’ region 10 education service center multi-region purchasing cooperative (r10mrpc) has selected inteam’s gdsn connect software solution to help its k-12 member districts easily access product specifications from the gl…richardson, texas--(business wire)--texas region 10 education service center multi-region purchasing cooperative (r10mrpc) has selected inteams gdsn connect software solution to help its k-12 member … [+4148 chars]should you use your 401(k) to pay off student loans?the cost of obtaining a post-secondary education has skyrocketed over the past several decades. according to a report by cnbc, the average tuition and fees...syda productions / shutterstock.com
the cost of obtaining a post-secondary education has skyrocketed over the past several decades. according to a report by cnbc, the average tuition and fees for a … [+4758 chars]fact sheet: biden-harris administration announces public and private sector actions to strengthen teaching profession and help schools fill vacancies - the white house<ol><li>fact sheet: biden-harris administration announces public and private sector actions to strengthen teaching profession and help schools fill vacancies  the white house
</li><li>biden, job search companies partner to take on teacher shortage  usa today…our nations teachers prepare and inspire the next generation of leaders that are critical to our future. yet for years, our education system has faced challenges in attracting, recruiting, and retain… [+10710 chars]nearly 70% of la teachers have seriously considered quitting, study findsmany educators take side gigs and can’t afford to live where they teach, as ‘teacher pay penalty’ growsteachers in california are struggling with the high cost of living, rent increases and over-work and are increasingly leaving the profession, especially in …teachers in california are struggling with the high cost of living, rent increases and over-work and are increasingly leaving the profession, especially in the wake of a pandemic that has worsened th… [+3932 chars]nyc from 1609 to today in 9 minutesmyles zhang’s animation on youtube starts in 1609 and documents the process of renaming and colonization. from myles zhang’s site:here grows new york visually animates the development of this city’s street grid and environment from 1609 to the present day, us…august 16, 2022 at 10:00 am
nyc from 1609 to today in 9 minutes
myles zhang’s animation on youtube starts in 1609 and documents the process of renaming and colonization. from myles zhang’s site:
h… [+3329 chars]global k-12 student information systems market: market segments: by type ; by application ; and region – analysis of market size, share & trends for 2014 – 2024 and forecasts to 2024product overview student information system (sis) is a computer system that handles a variety of information about students. registered staff members may use...product overview student information system (sis) is a computer system that handles a variety of information about students. registered staff members may use sis to access, update, and report on stud… [+7255 chars]how education freedom could solve our crisisarizona is leading the way in education freedom. gov. doug ducey, a republican, just became the first governor to sign into law universal education saving... read more
the post how education freedom could solve our crisis appeared first on the daily signal.arizona is leading the way in education freedom. 
gov. doug ducey, a republican, just became the first governor to sign into law universal education saving accounts for every student in arizona.
to… [+1637 chars]wild card: youngkin fuels '24 talk as michigan convention headliner...wild card: youngkin fuels '24 talk as michigan convention headliner...

 
 
 
 (second column, 2nd story, link)

 

 

 
 
 drudge report feed needs your support!   become a patron© steve helber/ap
 virginia gov. glenn youngkin said he intends to stump for more candidates later this year.
 williamsburg, va. gov. glenn youngkin (r) said tuesday that hell travel to michigan at… [+5913 chars]faithprep california, in partnership with stride and the rock academy, offers families statewide faith-based online learning optionsan diego, ca--(business wire)---- $lrn #chuckwolfe--enrollment is now open for the 2022-2023 school year, welcoming students across california to a new, private, faith-based education option: faithprep california, which will use the comprehensive learning pl…san diego, ca--(business wire)--enrollment is now open for the 2022-2023 school year, welcoming students across california to a new, private, faith-based education option: faithprep california, which… [+2837 chars]faithprep florida, in partnership with stride, offers families statewide faith-based online learning optiontampa bay, fla.--(business wire)---- $lrn #chuckwolfe--enrollment is now open for the 2022-2023 school year, welcoming students across florida to a new, private, faith-based education option: faithprep florida, which will use the comprehensive learning platfo…tampa bay, fla.--(business wire)--enrollment is now open for the 2022-2023 school year, welcoming students across florida to a new, private, faith-based education option: faithprep florida, which wil… [+2759 chars]faithprep academy, in partnership with stride, offers families faith-based online learning optionreston, va.--(business wire)---- $lrn #chuckwolfe--enrollment is now open for the 2022-2023 school year, welcoming students nationwide to a new, private, faith-based education option: faithprep academy, which will use the comprehensive learning platform from …reston, va.--(business wire)--enrollment is now open for the 2022-2023 school year, welcoming students nationwide to a new, private, faith-based education option: faithprep academy, which will use th… [+2669 chars]missouri school district reinstates spanking as punishment: 'we've had people actually thank us'the cassville school board approved a policy this summer to once again use corporal punishment as a disciplinary measure for k-12 students.springfield, mo. a school district in missouri announced it will reinstate spanking this school year  but with a parental caveat.
cassville school school district superintendent merlyn johnson said … [+5654 chars]clearlake capital-backed discovery education acquires doodlelearningdiscovery education—the worldwide edtech leader backed by clearlake capital group, l.p. (together with its affiliates, "clearlake")—today announced the...acquisition expands discovery education's digital product suite in math and ela, and strengthens uk presence
silver spring, md., aug. 16, 2022 /prnewswire/ -- discovery educationthe worldwide edtech… [+5480 chars]frontline education releases research brief analyzing recruiting and hiring data for non-instructional rolesreport leverages data from the frontline research & learning institute providing current trends on the applicant pool and open positions with a spotlight on ...report leverages data from the frontline research &amp; learning institute providing current trends on the applicant pool and open positions with a spotlight on transportation services
malvern, pa, … [+4423 chars]the missing teacher mysteryjust about everybody is struggling to recruit and retain workers for in-person roles in this unusually tight labor market.julia pollak, chief economist at ziprecruiter. 
getty
private sector employment levels have now recovered from the pandemic, but u.s. schools were still short nearly 300,00 staff in august 2022. th… [+6251 chars]target’s second quarter results underwhelmtarget’s second quarter earnings missed wall street’s expectations dramatically, particularly when comparing to yesterday’s walmart q2 results which beat street expectations.targets profit missed wall streets expectations dramatically, particularly when comparing to ... [+] yesterdays walmart q2 results which beat street expectations. 
getty images
targets second quart… [+4408 chars]uplift education brings unprecedented opportunity to students at college and career fair 2022the 15th annual uplift education college and career fair is a free event for uplift education students, which will be held on tuesday, september 20th from 10...the successful navigation of a college and career fair is a valuable life skill. this event helps our studentsat a time when students can benefit the most from career exploration, a process of buildi… [+3892 chars]